Sarah lived 127 years these were the
Sarah lived 127 years these were the years of the life of Sarah so Sarah died
years of the life of Sarah so Sarah died
years of the life of Sarah so Sarah died in Kiryat Arba
in Kiryat Arba
in Kiryat Arba that is Hebron in the land of Canaan and
that is Hebron in the land of Canaan and
that is Hebron in the land of Canaan and Abraham came to mourn for Sarah and to
Abraham came to mourn for Sarah and to
Abraham came to mourn for Sarah and to weep for her then Abraham stood up
weep for her then Abraham stood up
weep for her then Abraham stood up before his dead and spoke to the sons of
before his dead and spoke to the sons of
before his dead and spoke to the sons of Heth I am a father and a visitor among
Heth I am a father and a visitor among
Heth I am a father and a visitor among you give me property for a burial place
you give me property for a burial place
you give me property for a burial place among you that I may bury my dead out of
among you that I may bury my dead out of
among you that I may bury my dead out of my sight and the sons of Heth answered
my sight and the sons of Heth answered
my sight and the sons of Heth answered Abraham here is my lord you are a mighty
Abraham here is my lord you are a mighty
Abraham here is my lord you are a mighty Prince among us bury your dead in a
Prince among us bury your dead in a
Prince among us bury your dead in a choicest of our burial places none of us
choicest of our burial places none of us
choicest of our burial places none of us were withhold from you his burial place
were withhold from you his burial place
were withhold from you his burial place that you may bury your dead then Abraham
that you may bury your dead then Abraham
that you may bury your dead then Abraham stood up and bowed himself to the people
stood up and bowed himself to the people
stood up and bowed himself to the people of the land the sons of Heth and he
of the land the sons of Heth and he
of the land the sons of Heth and he spoke with them if it is your wish that
spoke with them if it is your wish that
spoke with them if it is your wish that I bury my dead out of my sight hear me
I bury my dead out of my sight hear me
I bury my dead out of my sight hear me and meet with Ephraim the son of Zohar
and meet with Ephraim the son of Zohar
and meet with Ephraim the son of Zohar for me that he may give me the Cave of
for me that he may give me the Cave of
for me that he may give me the Cave of Machpelah which he has which is at the
Machpelah which he has which is at the
Machpelah which he has which is at the end of his field let him give it to me
end of his field let him give it to me
end of his field let him give it to me at the full price as property for a
at the full price as property for a
at the full price as property for a burial place among you
burial place among you
burial place among you now Ephraim dwelt among the sons of Heth
now Ephraim dwelt among the sons of Heth
now Ephraim dwelt among the sons of Heth and Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham
and Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham
and Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham in the presence of the sons of Heth all
in the presence of the sons of Heth all
in the presence of the sons of Heth all who entered at the gate of his City
who entered at the gate of his City
who entered at the gate of his City no my lord hear me I give you the field
no my lord hear me I give you the field
no my lord hear me I give you the field and the cave that is in it I give it to
and the cave that is in it I give it to
and the cave that is in it I give it to you in the presence of the sons of my
you in the presence of the sons of my
you in the presence of the sons of my people I give it to you bury your dead
people I give it to you bury your dead
people I give it to you bury your dead then Abraham bowed himself down before
then Abraham bowed himself down before
then Abraham bowed himself down before the people of the land and he spoke to
the people of the land and he spoke to
the people of the land and he spoke to ephraim in the hearing of the people of
ephraim in the hearing of the people of
ephraim in the hearing of the people of the land if you will give it please hear
the land if you will give it please hear
the land if you will give it please hear me I will give you money for the fields
me I will give you money for the fields
me I will give you money for the fields take it from me and I will bury my dead
take it from me and I will bury my dead
take it from me and I will bury my dead deer and Ephraim answered Abraham my
deer and Ephraim answered Abraham my
deer and Ephraim answered Abraham my lord listen to me the land is worth four
lord listen to me the land is worth four
lord listen to me the land is worth four hundred shekels of silver
hundred shekels of silver
hundred shekels of silver what is that between you and me so bury
what is that between you and me so bury
what is that between you and me so bury your dead and Abraham listened to
your dead and Abraham listened to
your dead and Abraham listened to Ephraim and Abraham wait out the silver
Ephraim and Abraham wait out the silver
Ephraim and Abraham wait out the silver for ef'n which he had named in the
for ef'n which he had named in the
for ef'n which he had named in the hearing of the sons of Heth four hundred
hearing of the sons of Heth four hundred
hearing of the sons of Heth four hundred shekels of silver currency of the
shekels of silver currency of the
shekels of silver currency of the merchants
merchants
merchants so the field of Ephron which was in
so the field of Ephron which was in
so the field of Ephron which was in Machpelah which was before Mamre the
Machpelah which was before Mamre the
Machpelah which was before Mamre the field and the cave which is in it and
field and the cave which is in it and
field and the cave which is in it and all the trees that were in the field
all the trees that were in the field
all the trees that were in the field which were within all the surrounding
which were within all the surrounding
which were within all the surrounding borders were deeded to Abraham as a
borders were deeded to Abraham as a
borders were deeded to Abraham as a possession in the presence of the sons
possession in the presence of the sons
possession in the presence of the sons of Heth before all who went in at the
of Heth before all who went in at the
of Heth before all who went in at the gate of his City and after this Abraham
gate of his City and after this Abraham
gate of his City and after this Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the
buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the
buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre that is
field of Machpelah before Mamre that is
field of Machpelah before Mamre that is Hebron in the land of Canaan so the
Hebron in the land of Canaan so the
Hebron in the land of Canaan so the field and the cave that is in it were
field and the cave that is in it were
field and the cave that is in it were deeded to Abraham by the sons of Heth as
deeded to Abraham by the sons of Heth as
deeded to Abraham by the sons of Heth as property for a burial place